refactor: embed authorization and multi-tenancy tutorials (#1120)
logto-io/docs: docs/use-cases/authorization/rbac-in-practice.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: RBAC in practice

> description: Complete guide to Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) —— Master permission design, role management, and secure authorization with practical CMS implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A practical guide to role-based access control (RBAC): Learn how to design permissions, manage roles, and set up secure authorization in your CMS."
```
